well with me I'm robben and 17 and
welcome to the new race of
gestation with lay subscribers but
As you can see, this time a little
different vale we're going to run like
you are watching with the blazers so
let's see with those with whom
how good are we going to see how it gives us
this race as you see is that over
we have to use with the place we have
what to do
going with the blazer this spiral go
you that got me so let's see
if I'm able to pass it because I do not know
I
this looks dodgy eye or game
are two laps by the way but but that
I pass it I'm stopping this
program is worth this does not end
how can it be true or can not be
true that I have done that has made you
it's from being bad people this being bad people
that is, it can not be true that I have
done that is it was up the tube and
has arrived
and it has pushed me just above the whole
seriously seriously you have to go up and down
this is going to be crazy that next to the
point at the top is pushed
no, I could not, I was fucking
Up above the whole uncle had already passed
yes, it had happened
not many are worth it, please, let's go
and sr
a perfect kid to see now what
we have to do is work here
to see that so eye will go down braking
because I water
I think that really to see can be
do in the plan the trap that would be to jump
suddenly to the point but man is not
it's not very legal either, it's cooler
do it right so let's try
having a good time and I was there
that has pushed me right up when
I was next to the damn point
real rage but good nothing happens
I passed it third, so this one
practically safe and good to see if
At least it was advancing this
second to come here is worth
so let's face again to
mercy because they are two laps and that
It takes you up and down to go down
obviously it's easier it's easier
get off but getting expensive is that over like
he clashed with those who come from above
it's quite unique sometimes
Equivate stretches on lap 2
let's see let's see eye with the point
in short let's see the first attempt
here ok let's go up first
try is a game a little much to the
first try I'm having it
I am a little bit without more old forces
although my image is a bit
do not
because he says feel against the same favor
that comes in the opposite direction of truth
I think to himself because the clothes
appeared the same or be this one clear
this explanation that more endurance if another
once marked 3 x awesome van
three times and you go three times
true that is, it is impressive
ok let's see how to up or
try to go outside or by the
interior I mean try to go by
the center and I pass it let's go sir
ok I keep third place a lot what
I feel sorry I'm going to catch the point what
I feel
I did not want to fall or it's not going to give me
time but you know it could be done
already said what could be done dirty
I did not want to repeat it but
also because I had left
it's a lot simpler but hey hey
I put the truth in the second place
point have the other side to avoid that
to be avoided in the cell with what
unintentionally done but some
requiring and as I say I'm going to see it
changes place but good will
finish second position
we go here we take the bend there
and the goal then is only two points
so let's see we catch let's go to
approaching the horses I want
make a little horse I can not make a
little horse
Well, nothing is the same because a
little horse like jumping around here doing
well doing jumps this over here and
guys and we get in the goal with
spill included by the way then finished
they are a position nothing more than a
position the truth that the stone is
pretty cool indeed congratulations to the
victor that in a life I do not know what I think
it was called an anger or something
so congratulations in fact I'll see
then a life then congratulations for the
that has won in guys I hope that you
really like this run either says
If you want to participate in it, you have my
inscribed below the description for
get in and put it as main to
who can invite you
also remind you that if you want
you can follow me on twitter which is where
notice whenever I'm going to do these
racing so it's critical and keep watching
that's why it's free and also
remind you that you have my channel
secondary down in the description worth
in which I upload minecraft every day
every day and if it was missing so
we went there if you like a girl what
I have done I hope you liked it
left a great like
hereu